[Python] Add new concept exercise : numbers (#2875)
exercism/v3: languages/python/exercises/concept/currency-exchange/.docs/instructions.md

> Your friend Chandler is planning to visit exotic countries all around the world. But sadly, Chandler's math skill is not so good. He is so worried about get scammed at currency exchange during his trip. Chandler wants you to make a currency calculator for him. Here's his specifications about currency exchange calculator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your friend Chandler plans to visit exotic countries all around the world. Sadly, Chandler's math skills aren't good. He's pretty worried about being scammed with currency exchange during his trip - and he wants you to make a currency calculator for him. Here's his specification for the currency calculator app:
```

> ## 1. Estimating exchangeable value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Estimate the exchangeable value
```

> Create the function `estimate_value()` where `budget` and `exchange_rate` are the two required parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the `estimate_value()` function, where `budget` & `exchange_rate` are the two required parameters:
```

> 1. `budget` is amount of money you are planning to exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `budget` : amount of money you are planning to exchange.
```

> 2. `exchange_rate` is unit value of foreign currency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `exchange_rate` :  unit value of the foreign currency.
``

> This function should return the estimated value of foreign currency you can get based on your budget and current exchange rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function should return the estimated value of the foreign currency you can receive based on your `budget` and the current `exchange rate`.
```

> **Note:** If your currency is USD and you want to exchange it into EUR, exchange rate is 1.20 if 1 EUR = 1.20 USD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If your currency is USD and you want to exchange USD for EUR with an exchange rate of `1.20`, then `1.20 USD` = `1 EUR`.
```

```python
>>> estimate_value(127.5, 1.2)
106.25
```

> ## 2. Changes after exchanging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Calculate currency left after an exchange
```

> Create the function `get_change()` where `budget` and `exchanging_value` are the two required parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the `get_change()` function where `budget` and `exchanging_value` are the two required parameters:
```

> 1. `budget` is amount of money you own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `budget` : amount of money you own.
```

> 2. `exchanging_value` is amount of money you want to exchange now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `exchanging_value` : amount of your money you want to exchange now.
```

> This function should return the amount of changes after exchanging `exchanging_value`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function should return the amount left of your starting currency after exchanging `exchanging_value`.
```

```python

> >>> get_changes(127.5, 120)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>>> get_change(127.5, 120)
```

7.5
```

## 3. Calculate value of bills

Create the function `get_value()` with parameters `denomination` and `number_of_bills`

> 1. `denomination` is value of single bill.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `denomination` :  value of single bill.
```

> 2. `number_of_bills` is amount of bills you got.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `number_of_bills` : amount of bills you received.
```

> You need to return the total value of bills you got now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return the total value of bills you now have.
```

```python
>>> get_value(5, 128)
640
```

## 4. Calculate number of bills

> Create the function `get_number_of_bills()` with parameter `budget` and `denomination`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the `get_number_of_bills()` function with parameters `budget` and `denomination`
```

> 1. `budget` is amount of money you are planning to exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `budget` : amount of money you are planning to exchange.
```

> 2. `denomination` is value of single bill.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `denomination` : the value of a single bill.
```

> You need to return the number of bills after exchanging all your money.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return the number of bills after exchanging all your money.
```

```python
>>> get_number_of_bills(127.5, 5)
25
```

> ## 5. Calculate exchangeable value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 5. Calculate exchange fees
```

> Create the function `exchangeable_value()` with parameter `budget`, `exchange_rate`, `spread`, and `denomination`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the `exchangeable_value()` function with parameters `budget`, `exchange_rate`, `spread`, and `denomination`.
```

> 1. `budget` is amount of money you are planning to exchange.
> 2. `exchange_rate` is unit value of foreign currency.
> 3. `spread` is percentage value about exchanging fee.
> 4. `denomination` is value of single bill.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `budget` : amount of your money you are planning to exchange.
2. `exchange_rate` : unit value of foreign currency.
3. `spread` : percentage taken as the exchange fee.
4. `denomination` : value of single bill.
```

> You need to return the maximum value you can get considering your budget, exchange rate, spread, and denomination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return the maximum value you can get considering the `budget`, `exchange_rate`, `spread`, and `denomination`.
```

> **Note:** If 1 EUR is 1.20 USD and spread is 10%, the actual exchange rate of 1 EUR is 1.32 USD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If 1 EUR == 1.20 USD and the spread is `10%`, the _actual exchange rate_  becomes `1 EUR` == `1.32 USD`.
```
